31
What are you feeling a lot lately?
Do you have any unconventional opinions when it comes to romantic relationships?
I know I really like someone when _________.
Has sex ever been a deal breaker in your past relationships? Explain.
When's the last time you ghosted someone and why?
What about me intrigued you besides my physical appearance?
What do your friends know about me, if anything?
What part of your job energizes you the most? Leaves you the most drained?
How has your view on love evolved over time, if at all?
How do you define \Dating\?
Describe your worst heartbreak. What did it teach you?
Have you ever considered an open relationship? Why or why not?
Who in your life do you feel most yourself around? Why?
Which one of your parents' personality traits do you want to keep? Let go of?
What is something new you've learned about yourself recently?
What's the hardest part about dating you?
What are you overthinking right now?
What have you tolerated from others in the past that you no longer have space for?
What dating advice would you give your younger self?
How emotionally available do you currently feel? Explain.
What has being single taught you about yourself?
What was the worst date you've ever been on and why?
What about you has felt repeatedly misunderstood by others, if anything?
What's a non-negotiable in your life?
What did the people who raised you teach you about love? How has that shaped your views on love today?
Wild Card Write down your top 2 relationship deal breakers. Both players. Compare.
Wild Card Write down your favorite song lyric you can think of off the top of your head. Compare and explain.
Wild Card Share something you typically wouldn't on a first date. Both players.
Wild Card Give each other tattoos with the nearest pen or marker. 30 seconds.
Wild Card Write down the top 3 most important qualities in a romantic partner. Both players. Compare.
Wild Card Think of the most underrated show streaming currently. On the count of 3, say your answers out loud. Both players.