52
How can you become a better person?
What's your mother's name? And the most beautiful thing about her?
If you could get to know someone in your life on a deeper level, who would it be and why?
What's the most pain you've ever been in that wasn't physical?
Are you missing anyone right now? Do you think they are missing you too?
What is a dream you've let go of?
What is the last thing you lied to your mother about?
Have you ever told someone I love you but didn't mean it? If so, why?
What are you still trying to prove to yourself?
Are you lying to yourself about anything?
What is your 1st love's name and the reason you fell in love with them? Changed him/her to them
What part of your life works? What part of your life hurts?
What lesson took you the longest to unlearn?
If you have, when was the moment you realized you weren't invincible?
Do you think the image you have of yourself matches the image people see you as?
If you could have it your way: Who would you be with? Where would you be? And what would you be doing?
Is there a feeling you miss?
What's been your happiest memory this past year?
When was the last time you surprised yourself?
How would you describe the feeling of being in love in one word?
What's your father's name? And tell me one thing about him.
What are you more afraid of, failure or success? And why?
What has been your earliest recollection of happiness?
What do you crave more of?
What is a compliment you wish you received more frequently?
Have you changed your mind about anything recently?
Describe your perfect day!
What is the mostunexplainable thing that's ever happened to you?
What would your younger self not believe about your life today?
What is something you wouldn't want to change about yourself?
What title would you give this chapter in your life?
Has a stranger ever changed your life?
How are you, really?
When you're asked how are you, how often do you answer truthfully?
Finish the sentences: strangers would describe me as _________. Only I know that I am _________.
What question are you trying to answer most in your life right now?
What's been the best compliment a stranger has ever given you?
Wild Card Staring contest. First to blink must reveal a personal problem and ask your partner for advice on how they might handle it.
Wild Card Ask a question you'd be too afraid to ask. Something you wouldn't dare to ask.
Wild Card Call someone you admire and tell them why you appreciate them! (Put on speaker phone)
Wild Card Admit something.
Wild Card Questions are an art form. Create your own question.
Wild Card Think of something you strongly dislike that most people love. On the count of three, say it out loud! (Both players)
Wild Card Swap seats with your partner.
Wild Card Show the first photo in your camera roll. Explain.
Wild Card Create a secret handshake.
Wild Card Sing the chorus of your favorite song of all time. Get into it!
Wild Card Draw your current mood. Then Compare. (Both players)
Wild Card Both players write an embarrassing fun fact about yourselves. Play a game of rock, paper, scissors. Loser must reveal!
Wild Card Both players write the most important things in life to you. (30 seconds) Compare.
Wild Card Press shuffle on your music library. Explain the first song that comes up!
Reminder Be more interested in understanding others than being understood.