What was your first impression\n of me?
What do you think is the hardest part of what I do for a living?
What reality show do you think I'm most likely to binge watch? Explain.
What does my style tell you about me?
Do I seem like a cat or dog person?
Do I seem like more of a creative type or analytical type? Explain.
How many speeding tickets do you think I've gotten in my life?
Do I seem like someone who would get a name tattooed on myself? Why or why not?
What do you think I'm most likely to splurge on?
Finish the sentence: Just by looking at you I'd think _________.
What character would I play in a movie?
Do I remind you of anyone?
Who do you think my celebrity crush is?
Do you think I've ever checked an ex's phone for evidence?
What's the first thing you noticed about me?
What do you think my go to karaoke song is?
If you were to buy me a present, knowing nothing about me other than what I look like, what would it be?
What does my phone wallpaper tell you about me?
Do I look kind? explain.
Do you think I fall in love easily? why or why not?
As a child, what do you think I wanted to be?
Do you think I'm usually early, on time, or late to events? Explain.
What subject do you think I thrived in at school? Did I fail any?
What compliment do you think I hear the most?
Do I seem like a morning person or a night owl? why?
What fast food restaurant do you think I'm most likely to drive through? What's my order?
What is my body language telling you right now?
What does my Instagram tell you about me?
Do you think plants thrive or die in my care? Explain.
On a scale of 1-10, how messy do you think my car is? 1 being cleanest, 10 complete disaster. Explain.
Do you think I was popular in school? explain.
Do you think I've ever been fired from a job? If so, what for?
Do you think I intimidate others? Why or why not?
How likely am I to go camping? How high maintenance is my set up?
What about me is most strange or unfamiliar to you?
What about me intrigues you?
If Myspace were still a thing what would my profile song be?

Wild Card Maintain eye contact for thirty seconds. What did you notice?
Wild Card Close your eyes. What color is my shirt?
Wild Card Ask and answer the next question in a different accent. (Both players)
Wild Card Draw a picture together. (30 seconds)
Wild Card Write down something others would never guess about you just by looking at you. (Both players) Compare.
Wild Card Draw a portrait of each other to the best of your ability. (1 minute) Then exchange.,
Wild Card Think of your favorite brand of cereal. On the count of three say your answers out loud! (Both players)
Wild Card Think of your favorite childhood tv show of all time. On the count of three, say it out loud! (Both players)
Wild Card Rate your dancing skills on a scale of 1-10. On the count of three, say your answers out loud! (Both players)
Wild Card Close your eyes. What color are my eyes?
Wild Card Make an assumption about me. (Both players)
Reminder Let go of your attachment to the outcome.
