49
How would you describe me to a stranger?
What about me most surprised you?
What would be the perfect gift for me?
What do you admire most about me?
Based on what you learned about me, what book would you recommend I read?
What about me is hardest for you to understand?
What am I most qualified to give advice about?
What is one thing you think I can do that would dramatically improve my life?
If we were in a band, what would our name be?
What can I help you with?
Based on what you learned about me, does my social media accurately reflect who I am? Why or why not?
What do I need to hear right now?
Based on what you know about me, do you have any Netflix recommendations?
What do you think my superpower is?
What is a lesson you will take away from our conversation?
When in this game did you feel most connected to me?
How does one earn your vulnerability? Have I earned it? How can I earn more?
What do you think our most important similarity is?
What can we create together?
In one word, how would you describe our conversation?
What answer of mine made you light up?
When this game is over, what will you remember about me?
What parts of yourself do you see in me?
How do our personalities complement each other?
Why do you think we met?
What do you think my weakness is?
What would make you feel closer to me?
What do you think I fear the most?
What has this conversation taught you about yourself?
What do you think I should know about myself that perhaps I'm unaware of?
What do you think my defining characteristic is?
Do you believe everyone has a calling? If so, do you think I've found mine?
What do you recommend I let go of, if anything?
In one word, describe how you feel right now.
Wild Card Give your partner a hug. Not the crappy kind. A ward fluffy one.
Wild Card Write down one thing you want to let go of this year. Read out loud, then rip up together. (Both players)
Wild Card Swap a song suggestion your partner may enjoy. (Both players)
Wild Card Dare your partner to do something outside of their comfort zone in the next week. (Both players)
Wild Card Admit something.
Wild Card Give your partner a compliment you don't think they hear enough.
Wild Card Write a song about your partner. (30 seconds) Then sing it aloud, get into it! (Both players)
Wild Card Scroll through each other's Instagrams. Find the picture you feel best represents your partner's essence and comment on why.
Wild Card Both players share something you're most grateful for in this current moment.
Wild Card Play a round of rock, paper, scissors. Winner can ask their partner anything. Loser must answer.
Wild Card Give each other nicknames!
Wild Card Create your own question. Make it count.
Wild Card Take a selfie together.
Wild Card Write down a goal for this year. Fold & exchange. Hold each other accountable. (Both players)
Wild Card Both players write a note to your younger selves. (1 minute) Option to compare.