What did our worst argument teach you?
What has this relationship taught you about yourself?
What's one small way I can be a better partner?
What do you wish we did more of?
What have you been extra sensitive to lately?
What's the most important lesson a past relationship has taught you?
What are you currently working through that I don't see, if anything?
Have I helped you change your mind about anything?
How do I show that I love you without telling you?
What's one small way we can improve our sex life?
What feelings are hard for you to communicate to me? How can I make it easier?
What about you feels hardest to love?
How have you seen me grow in this relationship?
What have I helped you appreciate about yourself?
What recent experience made you feel closer to me?
What immediately attracted you to me? What attracted you more over time?
What fear do you think holds me back the most?
What song best describes our relationship?
How does our age difference, or lack thereof, affect us? If at all?
What's the most attractive thing I do without realizing it?
What's the most romantic thing I've done for you recently?
How does one earn your trust? Have I earned it? How can I earn more?
Finish the sentence: Thank you for accepting _________.
What would a day of completely spoiling me look like?
What made you fall in love with me?
Do you think my job affects me positively or negatively? How does it affect us?
Are there any insecurities from previous relationships that you carried into this one? If so, what are they?
When was the last time I hurt you, perhaps unintentionally?
What's the best gift I've given you? Material and immaterial?
The hardest thing for me to reveal about myself to you was _________.
How do our strengths and weaknesses complement each other?
Wild Card Write a love song for your partner. 1 minute. Perform for each other.
Wild Card Write down the top 3 things your partner does that makes you feel most loved. Both players. Compare.
Wild Card On a scale of 1-10 write down the importance of having kids to you. Compare and explain.
Wild Card Write down one small way you can be better in this relationship. Both players. Compare.
Wild Card Draw one of your favorite memories from our relationship. 30 seconds. Compare.
Wild Card Write down the title you would give this chapter of our relationship. Compare.
Wild Card Ask your partner something you've never asked them before.
Wild Card Write a short guide of how to love your partner well. 30 seconds. Compare.
